Reimu: "...?"
Reimu: "What...?"
From the corner of her eye, she could spot Lucie glowing in a dark aura. It appeared like iodine vapors emitted from her body, though it wasn't a chemical; it was magical energy discharging from her body. The aura swirled into a veil surrounding Lucie, forming a shadow that cloaked her body.
The shadow grew larger until it was comparable to a human's height, and it dissipated, revealing Lucie in a young body, with the dark aura from earlier. They wore an outfit that resembled the dress that Millie often wore but without any of the colored assets that Millie had; they had long, straight black hair and orange eyes but, in other ways, gave off the air of a more mature Millie.
Reimu: "Is... Is that you, Lucie?"
Lucie: "Yes, and we don't have time."
Lucie closed her eyes and took a deep breath. The dark aura seemed to dull slightly as a bright purple aura started emanating from their body. A light in the same color emerged in front of them as Enna's body floated into position, making Enna open her arms as a mysterious purple light also emerged from Enna's chest. An eerie low-pitched hum briefly resonated through the room as the purple aura shaped into a ring behind Lucie.
Reimu looked around the room to search for the source, but nothing else was there.
Reimu: "L-Lucie!? Lucie, what's happening!?"
Lucie opened their eyes, casting a beam that connected their light with Enna's. Instantly, a cluster of purple lights gathered in the shape of a spiral galaxy spawned from Enna's light. Several lights scattered from the center as a powerful burst ushered forth, causing the room to quake. Reimu shielded her face out of instinct, though it was harmless.
They met with a stunning sight. As the burst happened, the room seemed to disappear, replaced by the grand visage of the cosmos itself, and a strong wind blew outward, swaying everyone's hair.
Reimu: "LUCIE!? What are you-!?"
Lucie: "I wish I didn't have to use this... But it's our best shot!"
Enna's body bathed in the same purple aura Lucie had earlier. Reimu looked at the two in panic, then turned to Lucie.
Reimu: "What did you do...!?"
Lucie: "It's a forbidden spell, the only thing that can give us a fighting chance...!"
Reimu: "...!"
Lucie: "We don't have other options... Trust me on this one!"
Reimu: "..."
Reimu: "If you're sure, then-!"
A second burst emerged from the spiral, emitting a dark purple light that seemed to reach distances far beyond. Nothing alive, mortal or otherwise, was allowed to bear witness to this moment. As though a being that surpassed even heaven intervened, the purple light smothered everyone present like a curtain, intensifying until nothing was visible.


