Reimu: "...Nina..."
Reimu: "..."
Reimu: "Hold on, Enna. Let me see if she's still there."
She closed her eyes, covering the right eye with her hand, before opening her left eye, drawing her focus on Millie. A red glint flashed from her eye. For a brief moment, the world seemed to pause for Reimu as she processed Millie's dream in her mind. She had hoped to glimpse a sign that Millie was still there, but instead of being able to see anything, all she heard was an ominous rumbling that only grew louder in the few seconds she saw.
She undid her pose, and her eyes widened after, overcome with shock.
Enna: "Reimu...? Are you alright...?"
Reimu: "Yeah, but Enna, Millie's alive."
Enna: "Oh! That's good! But why are you-?"
Reimu: "Something's wrong, Enna! Something's wrong with Millie! Stay back!"
Enna: "What!?"
Just then, Millie's eyes opened suddenly, without a word.
Enna: "Gah, damn!"
Her gaze fixed on the two of them.
Enna: "Millie...? Are you-?"
Her eyes widen and twitch as though she were in a seizure.
Enna: "What in the...?"
Reimu: "That's... not normal."
A mixture of light and darkness emerged from her torso as her body started to float, her limbs remaining limp. Darkness converged into a giant sphere covering her body, coated in an aura of light like the sun's corona in a solar eclipse. Soon, it burst open, causing a wave of light and darkness to stem forward throughout the room. The force of the burst knocked the girls back. The wave diminished once it reached the sides of the room, and cracks formed on the floor, ceiling, and walls. They could feel the floor give way.
Enna: "W-What!?"
Reimu: "Enna...!"
The floor broke apart, with Enna, Reimu, and Lucie falling, along with all the furniture in the room. Enna landed on her back while Lucie managed to land with proper posture, and Reimu floated down gently.
A sinister figure with long blonde hair floated down to meet them. The face was undeniably Millie's but so different. Gone were the carefree facial expressions of old Millie, replaced by a determined look in her eyes as though she had a realization of her purpose. "Millie" looked at them briefly before walking toward the front door.
Enna: "Fucking bitch...! That hurt!"
Reimu helped Enna up immediately, after which Enna started to run toward "Millie."
Enna: "Wait!"
She reached out to "Millie" and grabbed her arm, but as soon as she did, "Millie" was cold to the touch. Enna's eyes widened instinctively in shock.
Enna: "Huh?"
Reimu: "No! Enna!"
As fast as she felt her hand run cold, she felt "Millie's" skin become scalding hot.
Enna: "What-!?"
A flash burned through Enna's vision, replacing the room with a familiar sight: the painting, the ghostly white flames, and Millie planted firmly in the middle, the tears flowing down like the rivers of the underworld.
Enna: (...!)
Screams were futile in this world. No matter how desperate, nothing would emerge.
Enna: (No, not this again...!)
The scene replayed itself vividly, far more than Enna wanted. Every sensation she experienced, from the horror to the scent of suffocating smoke, struck her soul. She felt overcome by it, almost as though it were melting her essence into oblivion.
Enna: (Millie! Why!?)
Reimu: "...Enna! Enna!"
Enna: (...!?)
Though it felt like a torturous eternity in her mind, it was but a few seconds in reality. "Millie" wound up her free hand, clenching it into a fist, coating it in a heavenly aura, punching Enna in the gut to force her to let go. A web of cyan cracks pierced the air from the point of impact as though the air was cracking like glass, and then the sound of shattered glass echoed as "Millie" channeled the force of an earthquake into Enna's stomach.
Enna snapped out of the dream from the sudden impact.
Enna: *cough*
Reimu: "ENNA!"
Enna let go of "Millie" just before she flew into the wall from sheer force, leaving a dent in it before falling forward to the floor. Tears flowed from Enna's eyes as she struggled to get back up.
Enna: "Ugh..."
Reimu rushed to Enna's side, confounded by the sequence of events, kneeling beside her.
Reimu: "Enna! Are you okay!?"
Wrought with a mixture of panic, anger, and despair, Reimu turned to "Millie," who continued her leave.
Reimu: "What the hell is wrong with you, Millie!?"
"Millie" halted her steps and looked over her shoulder coldly at them.
"Millie": "I'm not here for small talk."
"Millie": "But let me tell you this."
"Millie": "This world... It gave us life, and it gave us people who love and appreciate us. It gave us many things to be thankful for."
"Millie": "But just as there are people who love us, there are others who hate us. For reasons we can't even fathom."
"Millie": "Out of fear, people will do irrational things, to look out for themselves, thinking doing so will make things better as long as they don't have to care about anyone else. Feeding a needless and senseless cycle of hatred."
"Millie": "It was the same back then, and nothing's changed. Even if kindness and benevolence exist, that cycle of hatred may never end."
"Millie": "But, now... Now I can change the world with this power."
"Millie": "This world needs to come face to face with the justice it rightly deserves."
"Millie": "And if you think about stopping me, then I will end you, here and now."
Enna caught a glimpse of her eye. That intense, determined expression belied hidden despair that Enna could vaguely sense. Enna, unable to get up, tried to crawl toward "Millie," but the damage she had taken was severe; she reached out toward her with her last effort, but her vision faded into nothingness before losing consciousness. "Millie" walked away right after their exchange.
Reimu started to cry heavily, unable to process everything. It was too much for her.
Reimu: "Enna...!"
Reimu: "No, please... Enna, stay with me...!"
Reimu: "I can't lose all three of you like this...! It was supposed to be a happy day, damn it!"
She pounded the floor in frustration and grief.
Reimu: (What am I supposed to do now...?)
Reimu: "..."

