??? (usually location)
??? (usually time)

Enna: "..."
Everything around her was formless, abyssal darkness.
Try as she may, she was impotent. Nothing seemed to bind her, nor was she inflicted with sleep paralysis.
For seemingly endless moments, it was as though she wasn't corporeal, that she was naught but a floating consciousness amidst a pitch-black sea.
Enna: "..."
Then, a stagnant, cold air wafted over her skin, dank and treacly, almost fluid. At last, she had a form.
Before she could think, she inhaled; vital oxygen entered her lungs. A smell clung to her nostrils. It was burnt, faintly metallic, with a hint of sulfur. It smelled rotten, sickly.
Nonetheless, she could tell. Life was returning to her body.
As if the world responded to her realization, a pair of glowing, orange eyes opened in the distance, just out of arm's reach and at her eye level.
The eyes glowered, staring directly into Enna's for a time, then closed. In their wake was a sickly, wavering light, a flickering ochre glow of a dying candle.
Enna: "What's happening?"
Either Enna blinked, or the light briefly died. A moment later, a door appeared in front of her. Every instinct in her mind and body told her to open and exit through it, to leave this darkness.
So she did.
Cautiously, Enna took the door handle, twisted her wrist, and pushed. The very air around her sighed and rushed past her and through the opening. With the movement of the air, the door swung itself outward the rest of the way.
<white screen>
White, blinding light filled her vision.
A beat passed, and her eyes adjusted.
<bright museum CG>
It was an art gallery in a high-class museum of some sort. She did not recognize where she was whatsoever.
The lights remained blindingly bright. No music played. The air remained stagnant, and a faint burning scent permeated throughout. People stood motionless in front of the exhibits.
Enna: "What is this place...?"
Without moving from her spot, Enna took a furtive glance at one of the people. It was difficult to tell where she stood, as they were all dressed heavily, almost disguising their features.
Still standing in the doorway, her first thought was to run away. Though the lighting should have been inviting, the stillness in the room was too eerie to ignore. She urged herself to turn around. Though she tried, suddenly, hands pushed her forward from behind.
Enna stumbled a few steps forward and turned her head, glaring at whoever pushed her.
Enna: "Yo, what the fuck are-"
Enna: "Ah?"
To her surprise, there was nothing in that direction. No door, no person; it was just the back wall. Her expression softened, though the sense of unease that haunted her earlier quickly overcame her. She looked around and approached someone to her right.
Enna: "Uh, excuse me, can you tell me where-"
She raised her hand to grab the person's attention but accidentally raised it clumsily, brushing up against their back enough that they started falling.
Enna: "Oh, shit! Sorry!"
She tried to catch the person but failed to do so in time; when they fell to the floor, they dissolved into a cloud of ash billowing across the floor. She took a few steps back in alarm.
<dim light museum CG>
Suddenly, the lights dimmed, save for a few that shone on the paintings, the people there, and Enna herself. Everything else was dark. Enna quickly noticed something was wrong and approached another nearby person to examine them, this time without touching them. They were nothing but full-body mannequins that wore elaborate clothing in varying styles from different periods.
She walked back to the center of the room and faced forward, hearing a soft giggle in the distance ahead. Hearing this gave Enna goosebumps.
Enna: "Okay... I didn't sign up for this..."
She tried to look around the room to see if there was an exit, but no dice. The only passageway was the one in front of her, but that was where the soft giggle was.
As if to dispel her unease, she clenched her hands into fists and cautiously marched forward. Another sound echoed in the distance. This time, it was soft sobbing. Who was that...?
Seeking to take her mind off the building anxiety, she glanced to her sides at the paintings on the walls. They were vivid and colorful, and she could recognize that they depicted scenes from her past.
Enna: "They're... my streams? And my debut? What awful taste, that was embarrassing as shit."
Disturbed, she decided not to question the gallery and picked up her pace, moving forward through the straight hall of the gallery.
The eerie silence addled the mind, and the smell grew stronger with every step. The white hue of the lights gradually turned orange as she walked onward.
Her head began to ache, and although nothing would be there anytime she looked back, she sensed something was following her.
Finally, she arrived at an intersection. A wall stood before her. Enna looked to the left and the right. Both ways had a downward staircase leading to another part of the museum, but it was difficult to tell what was waiting at the end. Scattered at the top of the left staircase were a few white flowers, while on the right staircase were a few black bowties.
Enna: "They should do a better job of cleaning here..."
Enna: "But, more importantly, where do I go...?"
—
[Choice]
[Move left.]
Enna: "I wear these kinds of flowers. Is this a path for me?"
Enna: "Well, here goes."
She descended the stairs into the darkness. The steps were illuminated only by the lights at the top of the staircase.
...
...
...
<insert Millie's mischievous giggle>
She could hear giggling. It was familiar and mischievous, to boot. She paid it no mind, hoping that the exit would be at the end.
...
...
...
Enna: "This is a long staircase... What the fuck is going on...?"
Enna: "How far am I?"
She looked back up the staircase to see her progress but saw something to her dismay. Despite taking several steps down, she had only made ten steps worth of progress.
Enna: (Oh, fuck this!)
Finding that she had wasted her time in futility, she went back up and took the other staircase instead.
She descended once more, hoping to make progress this time.
...
...
...

[Move right.]
Enna: "These bowties... Where have I seen these before...?"
Enna: "Well, here goes."
She descended the stairs into the darkness. The steps were illuminated only by the lights at the top of the staircase.
...
...
...
—
When she looked back, darkness and acrid black smoke obscured the path she had left behind.
As she progressed, everything darkened. The staircase was harder to see than it already was. The air smelled of rot and burnt flesh. She had to cover her nose while holding onto the railing. The bottom of the staircase was within reach, but her fear was building up like crazy.
Her eyes shut tightly, and her thoughts blazed with the wish: When I open my eyes, this will all be over.
She opened her eyes.
Her wish would go unfulfilled.
At the end of the staircase, the hallway had empty frames lined up on the walls. It was mysteriously lit with purple lighting, just enough to see what was inside, though the place was still dim.
Monsters like the creations of paintings roamed. Cruel abstractions of humans, pressed together in grotesque ways with multiple faces on one body, screaming silently in unfathomable pain.
Most mind-bogglingly, they appeared two-dimensional and three-dimensional simultaneously, looking like cut-out bastardizations of geometry. They cast no shadows. No, they were shadows brought to life, moving in three dimensions yet flat when they turned.
It was then that Enna found herself fettered, and her ache worsened. Her legs felt solid. Trying to move her feet was futile. Nothing tangible seemed to bind her, but she found herself helpless anyway. Perhaps fortunately, the monsters did not react to her presence.
As the grotesque parade of creatures continued in front of her, the lights suddenly intensified, burning bright white and scorching the shadow creatures from existence. The hallway shifted, distorting itself until the wall at the end was right in front of Enna. The pain dissipated, and a peculiar mix of relief and sadness filled her as she observed the wall. Placed on it was a painting in a golden frame inlaid with turquoise, citrine, and jade.
The painting depicted a crying Millie surrounded by a ghostly white fire while holding a pink stone. Enna knew from the outset: This was not a depiction of her past. But why was this here?
Her hand shaking, she tried to reach out to the painting.
Then-
<sound of an alarm clock ringing>

