[Millie's Bedroom]
[October 7, 10:00 AM]
The girls walked into the room, eager for the festivities. Enna and Reimu led the group into the room, with Enna carrying Nina's cardboard box just before setting it on Millie's bed.
Nina: "Thank you again, dear."
Enna: "Yeah, no problem, Mom."
Enna: "I had to make up for the scuffed breakfast somehow because someone burned the eggs."
Millie: "What!? Those eggs were fine!"
Enna: "Is that how they made them in the underworld? I don't think so."
Millie and Nina followed them into the room shortly after.
Unfortunately, the festive mood wouldn't last for long.
Nina: "Huh?"
Reimu: "What's wrong, Mom?"
Nina: "..."
Nina's ears twitched, and Millie seemed to tense up. It was clear something was amiss, but neither of them would speak.
Enna: "Hey, what's-"
The door slammed behind them, with Nina reacting first to open the door again, but to no avail.
Nina: "Damn it!"
Enna: "What's happening!?"
It looked as though the world around them was beginning to distort in the closed space. The physical world didn't seem to change, but the light bent around a central point. Nina tried to kick the door to force it open, hoping that she could break the door itself, but it wouldn't budge. The room was suddenly an iron cage keeping them from escaping.
From the central point, a radiant light emerged, so intense that the girls shielded their eyes by raising their arms defensively.
Barely visible in the radiant light was an entity shrouded in it, too enigmatic to determine what its form was. It wasn't merely that; it was incomprehensible to this realm.
It was as though the fabric of spacetime itself tore so that it could appear here. A voice sounded out, but the language was incomprehensible to Enna and Reimu. No, it wasn't that the entity was speaking, but the voice spawned in their collective consciousness.
It sounded like static heavily interfering with spoken words in their minds.
Enna: (This sounds familiar...?)
Millie: "This language...! There's no way-"
Nina: "An Agent of Heaven!? How long must you bug me!?"
Reimu: "Say what!? This thing!?"
A drop of sweat could be seen on Nina's cheek as she tried her best to keep her composure. Instinctively, Nina frowned and stepped backward.
Nina: (Damn it. I don't think we stand a chance here. Of all days-)
Before Nina could think any further, the entity extended an arm of light from its core, reaching for Nina as if to grab her.
Millie: "I won't let you-!"
Nina: (...!)
<sound of a shove>
Nina's mind went blank as she fell backward and slid across the floor a short distance. She looked to find Millie with her left arm extended back, realizing that Millie threw her back out of the entity's reach, having tugged on the back of her shirt.
Nina: "MILLIE!"
Enna and Reimu stood there in shock; Millie had made her desperate move before either could react.
Enna: "What the fuck!?"
The entity struck Millie in the torso with the arm of light it extended. A sizzle and crackle sounded through the room, followed by shrill, pained screams from Millie. It was unlike anything the others had ever heard from her.
Enna: "OH, SHIT! MILLIE!"
Reimu, Nina: "MILLIE!"
It was just a few seconds, but they were the most dreadful ones that the girls witnessed. The entity pushed Millie away, who went limp from the attack. Nina quickly stood up and reached forward to catch her before she fell to the ground.
Nina: "Millie!? Are you okay!? Please!"
Nina tried to sway Millie in her arms to snap her out of it, but it was no use. Millie remained limp in Nina's arms, so she laid Millie beside her.
Nina's hands clenched into fists. She looked at the entity angrily.
Nina: (Whatever they did to Millie, I can't let that happen to the others.)
Enna: "NO! WHAT THE FUCK!?"
Enna tried to run toward her best friend with tears in her eyes, but Reimu kept Enna from getting any closer to them by holding her in her arms. Enna struggled to make Reimu let go of her, but Reimu was determined to stop her.
Reimu: "Enna, you can't...! Please!"
Enna: "Reimu! Why are you stopping me!? Let me go! I have to stop this madness!"
Reimu: "Please, Enna! I can't let you go through that, too! We don't know what it does!"
As if to regain control of the situation, Nina stomped on the ground. Enna and Reimu focused their attention on her, though it was difficult for them to look directly.
Nina: "If you want me so bad, take me. Leave my daughters out of it!"
Enna, Reimu: "What!?"
Enna: "No, wait! Mom!"
The space around Nina and the entity began to distort once more, as it did when the entity intruded the room. The intensity of the light emitted from the entity increased gradually. The entity grabbed her by extending an arm of light as before; curiously, no reaction occurred with Nina as it did for Millie.
Nina: "I'm sorry, Honeys. It's the only way."
Enna: "No, Mom! What do you think you're doing!?"
Reimu was silent, staring at the scene in horror as she felt her powerlessness. Still, she kept ahold of Enna, who wanted nothing more than to do something about it, even if she didn't know what.
Enna: "Don't go! Please!"
Enna: "You can't... leave us like this...!"
The light became so intense that the silhouette of Nina was swallowed in it, forcing Enna and Reimu to avert their gaze. The light faded, and the room was back to normal. Nina was gone, though. So was the entity, this "Agent of Heaven."
Reimu's hold on Enna loosened. Enna shook her off with little effort and tried to run toward where Nina was standing. She came to a stop, with the realization setting in that there was nothing they could do.
Enna: "Nina... Millie..."
Enna: "..."
Enna walked over to Millie slowly, seeing no movement from her body.
Enna: "You can't be dead, Millie... You can't..."
